Haydebak/add tutorial (#2362)
smithy-lang/smithy: docs/source-2.0/tutorials/full-stack-tutorial.rst

======================
Full Stack Application
======================

> Overview

Reviewer: thought: A "what will you be able to do after this tutorial" section might be helpful.

========

> In this tutorial, we’ll walk you through using Smithy in a full-stack application. This includes defining a model for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we’ll walk you through using Smithy to build a full-stack application. This includes defining a model for
```

> a simple coffee-shop service, generating TypeScript code for both the client and server, and implementing both a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a simple coffee shop service, generating TypeScript code for both the client and server, and implementing both a
```

Reviewer: We dont really say what a "coffee shop" service does. Would be good to have a bit more background. Why are we building a coffee shop API? What do we expect to be able to do?

Author: Added as the first paragraph. Wondering if we should move it somewhere else though - maybe under `Modelling Our Service`. Thoughts?

> front-end and back-end for the service. We won't assume that you're an expert in Smithy, but it may helpful to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
front-end and back-end for the service. 

.. tip:: 
    This tutorial does not assume that you're an expert in Smithy, but it may helpful to work
```

through the :doc:`../quickstart` before beginning this tutorial.

Let's get started.

Setting Up the Project
======================
This application will consist of a 4 major components:

> 1. The model

Reviewer: could we add a brief description of each?

I.e. :  `the model - Smithy model representing the API of our Coffee Shop service`

2. The server
3. The client
4. The web application

--------------
Pre-requisites
--------------
To follow this tutorial, you'll need to install a few tools.

* :doc:`Smithy CLI <../guides/smithy-cli/cli_installation>`
* `Node.js (>= 16) <https://nodejs.org/en/download>`_ and `yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_

------

> Set up

Reviewer: Nit: I wonder if each of these should have a separate page? I think that might be slightly easier to follow.

Author: IMO, we should try and keep tutorials short and crisp. I think that multiple pages will lead to tutorials that are too long and unfocused. 

What a "single page" constitutes is up for debate, but I think anywhere from 1000 to 3000 words (excluding code) is acceptable. Any longer than that, we probably need to refocus or scope down a tutorial.

------

> Once you have these installed, the CLI has a useful command to easily bootstrap projects from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the prerequisites installed, the CLI has a useful command to easily bootstrap projects from
```
"These" is unclear.

`the repository of example smithy projects <https://github.com/smithy-lang/smithy-examples>`_. Execute the following
command to set up the initial project:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

>     smithy init -t full-stack-application

Reviewer: should we include `-o outputdir` to show customization of end location?

You will now have the project in the ``full-stack-application`` directory. In this project, you will find a ``README``
that contains important information about this project, like how it is laid out and how to build and run it. In this
tutorial, we will show exactly which commands to run and when.

> .. TODO: Provide the skeleton template or a git patch?

Reviewer: We should at least include `tree` output here so folks can verify what it should look like IMO.

Author: Hmmm.. ok. I'm not going to put the whole tree though - there are a lot of files.

> Modeling Our Service

Reviewer: Maybe our "Coffee Shop" Service. I think it helps to re-iterate what we are building.

====================
With the basic framework for the project established, let's walk through how to model our coffee service.

As discussed above, the coffee service should:

* provide a menu of coffees
* provide the ability to order a coffee
* provide the ability to check the status of an order

------------------
Adding a Service
------------------
The service shape is the entry-point of our API, and is where we define the operations that our service exposes to a
consumer. With that information in mind, let's define the initial service shape without any operations:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``main.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

>     namespace com.example

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be more specific. Like `com.example.cafe` or something.

    use aws.protocols#restJson1

    /// Allows users to retrieve a menu, create a coffee order, and
    /// and to view the status of their orders
    @title("Coffee Shop Service")
    @restJson1
    service CoffeeShop {
        version: "2024-04-04"
    }

We apply the ``@restJson1`` protocol trait to the service to indicate that this service supports the
:doc:`../aws/protocols/aws-restjson1-protocol` created and used extensively by AWS.
Put simply, protocols define the rules and conventions for how data is serialized and deserialized when communicating

> between client and server. Protocols are complex and need their own topic, so we will not discuss them at length in

Reviewer: ```
between client and server. Protocols are addressed [HERE]()?, so we will not discuss them at length in
```
Not sure I would include this line about protocols being "complex"

Author: removing

this tutorial.

---------------

> Defining Shapes

Reviewer: Maybe "Modeling Data"?

---------------

> Let's create basic representations of our data in Smithy. We can further refine our data model using traits.

Reviewer: Link to trait reference. Might even be helpful to have a sentence about traits being modeled metadata

Author: Added. IMO, don't think we need a sentence if we link it.

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``coffee.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

    namespace com.example

    /// A enum describing the types of coffees available
    enum CoffeeType {
        DRIP
        POUR_OVER
        LATTE
        ESPRESSO
    }

    /// A structure which defines a coffee item which can be ordered
    structure CoffeeItem {
        @required
        type: CoffeeType

        @required
        description: String
    }

    /// A list of coffee items
    list CoffeeItems {
        member: CoffeeItem
    }

-------------------
Defining Operations
-------------------
With the shapes defined above, let's create an operation on our service for returning a menu to the consumer:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``main.smithy``

    ...
    service CoffeeShop {
       version: "2024-04-04"
       operations: [
            GetMenu
       ]
    }

    /// Retrieve the menu
    @http(method: "GET", uri: "/menu")
    @readonly
    operation GetMenu {
        output := {
            items: CoffeeItems
        }
    }

We've named the operation ``GetMenu``. It does not define an input, and models its output as a structure with a single

> member, ``items``, which contains ``CoffeeItems`` (a shape we defined above). With the ``restJson1`` protocol, a

Reviewer: link to section above.

Author: Done, wish we could link to specific code block lines.

With these requirements in mind, let's create the underlying data model:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``order.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

    namespace com.example

    /// A unique identifier to identify an order
    @length(min: 1, max: 128)
    @pattern("^[a-f0-9]{8}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{12}$")
    string Uuid

    /// An enum describing the status of an order
    enum OrderStatus {
        IN_PROGRESS
        COMPLETED
    }

A universally unique identifier (or `"UUID" <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier>`_) should be
more than sufficient for our service. The order status can be either ``IN_PROGRESS`` (when the order is submitted) or
``COMPLETED`` (when the order is ready). The information about what kind of coffee was order can be represented by the
``CoffeeType`` shape we defined earlier.

Let's compose these shapes together to create our representation of an order:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``order.smithy``

    /// An Order, which has an id, a status, and the type of coffee ordered
    structure Order {
        id: Uuid,
        coffeeType: CoffeeType,
        status: OrderStatus
    }

> We're making great progress. However, if we think about an order and it's `potential` set of operations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're making great progress. However, if we think about an order and its `potential` set of operations
```
Possessive of "it" has no apostrophe.

            unless disableDefaultValidation is set to 'true' in the plugin settings.
        Operations without smithy.framework#ValidationException errors attached:
            [com.example#CreateOrder, com.example#GetMenu, com.example#GetOrder]

The server SDK validates inputs by default, and therefore enforces that each operation has the
``smithy.framework#ValidationException`` attached to it. We can easily add this to our model by attaching the error
to our service, meaning that all operations in the service closure may return it. Let's do this now:

.. TODO: does this need a better explanation?

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``main.smithy``

    use aws.protocols#restJson1
    use smithy.framework#ValidationException

    ...
    service CoffeeShop {
        ...
        errors: [
            ValidationException
        ]
    }

After fixing this and running the build, the TypeScript code-generator plugin will have created a new
artifact under ``build/smithy/source/typescript-ssdk-codegen``. This artifact contains the generated server SDK, and
we are now able to use it in our back-end.

> .. TODO: Not sure if we should, but a brief look at the generated code might be good?

Reviewer: I think it would be a good idea.

Author: After pondering, we decided this probably isn't a good idea - the generated code may confuse the reader because of its verbosity.

> Implementing the Server

Reviewer: I think this should be on a separate page IMO

and server can communicate with each other.

Running the Application
=======================
Now that we know how to generate and use a client and server, let's put it all together to use with a web application
that runs in the browser. The web application exists under the ``app/`` directory, and can be built using the
``build-app`` make target. The application will run when using the ``run-app`` target. Since this application uses
the generated client to make requests, the server must be ran alongside the app. For convenience, you may run both
the web-application and the server in the same terminal:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make run

While running the application in this way is convenient, it will intertwine the output of the web-app and server. If
you would like to keep them separate, you should run the other targets (`run-server` and `run-app`). Using the method
of your choice, launch the server and the application.

.. TODO: Add snippets for how we are calling the service with the client

While this application is incredibly simple, it shows how easily you can integrate a smithy-generated client into an
application that runs in the browser.

> .. TODO: maybe another sentence on takeaways

Reviewer: I wonder if we should have takeaway sections for each. Maybe in a admonition (like note, warning, etc) box? Like the review boxes in the quickstart.

Author: Hmmm... not a bad idea. I am open to adding that.

build or run it. However, for this tutorial, we will show you which commands to run, when to run them, and
the expected outputs.

Please run the following command to set the project up, so you can follow this tutorial:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make init

.. hint:: If you get stuck and want to completely start over, run ``make reset && make init`` .

    Also, the complete project code for this tutorial is available
    `here <https://github.com/smithy-lang/smithy-examples/tree/main/tutorials/full-stack-application>`_.

Modeling the service
====================
With the basic framework for the project established, let's walk through how to model our coffee service.
The service should provide a few capabilities:

* provide a menu of coffees
* provide the ability to order a coffee
* provide the ability to check the status of an order

------------------
Adding the service
------------------
The service shape is the entry-point of our API, and is where we define the operations our service exposes to a
consumer. First and foremost, let's define the initial service shape without any operations. Open the ``main.smithy``
file and add the following:

> .. important:: For code blocks, the name of the current file is given in the top-left corner.

Reviewer 3: For the file names, and when running various commands (i.e. `smithy build`), maybe we should have the path be relative to the project root, so for the code block below, it would be `smithy/model/main.smithy`. And for commands running in the `smithy` directory, maybe `cd smithy/ && smithy build` or something.

Author: I'll update the paths to be relative to where their "current working directory" should be at that point. Adding `cd`'s probably isn't a good idea.

model files used in the build. Additional artifacts are produced by configuring plugins, and
:doc:`code-generators <../guides/using-code-generation/index>` are prime examples of this.

Generating the server SDK
=========================
The server SDK is a code-generated component which provides built-in serialization, request-handling, and
scaffolding (or "stubs") for our service. It facilitates the implementation of the service by
providing these things, and allowing the implementer to focus on the business logic. Let's generate the server SDK
for our service by using the following build configuration:

.. code-block:: json
    :caption: ``smithy-build.json``

    {
        "version": "1.0",
        "sources": ["model/"],
        "maven": {
            "dependencies": [
                "software.amazon.smithy:smithy-aws-traits:1.50.0",
                "software.amazon.smithy:smithy-validation-model:1.50.0",
                "software.amazon.smithy.typescript:smithy-aws-typescript-codegen:0.22.0"
            ]
        },
        "plugins": {
            "typescript-ssdk-codegen": {

>                 "package" : "@com.example/coffee-service-server",

Reviewer 3: Just an idea:
```suggestion
                "package" : "@com.example/coffee-shop-server",
```
and same for the code block when configuring the client generator

                "packageVersion": "0.0.1"
            }
        }
    }

Run the build:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

>     smithy build model/

Reviewer 3: Same for when generating the client

=======================
For this tutorial, we have included a ``Makefile``, which simplifies the process of building and running the
application. To use it, make sure to run ``make`` from the root of the application directory (where the ``Makefile``
lives). Let's try it now:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make build-server

This command will run the code-generation for the server SDK, and then build the server implementation (which uses
the server SDK). The server package is located under the ``server/`` directory, and contains
only two files under ``src/``:

* ``index.ts``: entry-point of the backend application, and where we initialize our service
* ``CoffeeShop.ts``: implementation of a `CoffeeShopService` from the generated server SDK

The ``ssdk/`` directory is a link to our generated server SDK, which is an output of the smithy build. This is where
the server imports the generated code from. Let's take a look at the core of the coffee shop implementation:

.. code-block:: TypeScript
    :caption: ``CoffeeShop.ts``

    // An implementation of the service from the SSDK
    export class CoffeeShop implements CoffeeShopService<{}> {
        ...

>         CreateOrder(input: CreateOrderServerInput, context: CoffeeShopContext): CreateOrderServerOutput {

Reviewer 3: These methods are out of sync with the template (missing `async`, not returning a promise)

will link the client in the project root under ``client/sdk``. To use the client ad-hoc, run the following command:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make repl-client

This command launches a TypeScript `REPL <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Read%E2%80%93eval%E2%80%93print_loop>`_ with
the generated client installed. Before we use the generated client, we must run the server. Without the server running,
the client will not be able to connect. In another terminal, launch the server with the following command:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make run-server

With the server running, we will instantiate and use the client. In the terminal running the REPL, run the
following:

.. code-block:: TypeScript
    :caption: ``repl``

    import { CoffeeShop } from '@com.example/coffee-service-client'

    const client = new CoffeeShop({ endpoint: { protocol: 'http', hostname: 'localhost', port: 3001, path: '/' } })

    await client.getMenu()

Like when we tested the server with ``cURL``, you should see the output of the ``GetMenu`` operation we implemented.
Let's try submitting an order:

.. code-block:: TypeScript
    :caption: ``repl``

>     await client.createOrder({ coffeeType: "DRIP" })

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    import { CoffeeType } from '@com.example/coffee-service-client'
    await client.createOrder({ coffeeType: CoffeeType.DRIP })
```

description above to add a new item to the menu:

.. code-block:: TypeScript
    :caption: ``CoffeeShop.ts``

        GetMenu(input: GetMenuServerInput, context: CoffeeShopContext): GetMenuServerOutput {
            console.log("getting menu...")
            return {
                items: [
                    ...
                    {
                        type: CoffeeType.COLD_BREW,
                        description: "A high-extraction and chilled form of coffee that has been cold-pressed..\n" +
                            "Different flavor profile than other hot methods of brewing.\n" +
                            "Smooth and slightly more caffeinated as a result of its concentration."
                    }
                ]
            }
        }

Finally, we will run the whole application to see the changes (``make run``). After you run it, you should see
the new menu item in the web application, and should be able to order it.

.. raw:: html

   </details>

Wrapping up
===========
In this tutorial, you used Smithy to build a full-stack application for a simple coffee shop. You wrote a Smithy model

> for a service based on a list of requirements. Afterward, you configured Smithy using the ``smithy-build.json``
> configuration, which you set up to code-generate a TypeScript server SDK and client. You implemented the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for a service based on a list of requirements. Afterward, you configured the Smithy build, using ``smithy-build.json``, to code-generate a TypeScript server SDK and client. You implemented the
```
or something like that

* provide the ability to order a coffee
* provide the ability to check the status of an order

------------------
Adding the service
------------------
The service shape is the entry-point of our API, and is where we define the operations our service exposes to a
consumer. First and foremost, let's define the initial service shape without any operations. Open the main.smithy file
and add the following:

.. important:: For code blocks, the name of the current file is given in the top-left corner.
    
.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``main.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

    namespace com.example

    use aws.protocols#restJson1

    /// Allows users to retrieve a menu, create a coffee order, and
    /// and to view the status of their orders
    @title("Coffee Shop Service")
    @restJson1
    service CoffeeShop {
        version: "2024-04-04"
    }

We apply the ``@restJson1`` protocol trait to the service to indicate the service supports the
:doc:`../aws/protocols/aws-restjson1-protocol`. Protocols define the rules and conventions for serializing and
de-serializing data when communicating between client and server. Protocols are a highly complex topic, so we will not

> discuss them further in this tutorial.

Author: We don't have a protocol guide or topic yet, so that's why there isn't a link.

> discuss them further in this tutorial.

Author: removed this part.

    /// An error indicating an order could not be found
    @httpError(404)
    @error("client")
    structure OrderNotFound {
        message: String
        orderId: Uuid
    }

Now that we have defined an order resource and its operations, we need to attach the resource to the service:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``main.smithy``

    ...
    service CoffeeShop {
        ...
        resources: [
            Order
        ]
    }

Finally, you might be wondering why we did not model our coffee or menu as a resource. For our service, we are not
exposing any functionality related to the *lifecycle* of these entities. However, let's describe a hypothetical
example. We decide a coffee has properties like origin, roast, and tasting notes. Also, we choose to expose operations
for adding, updating, and removing coffees. In this case, coffee would be a prime candidate for modeling as a resource.

Building the model
==================
The model for our coffee service is complete. Before we build the model, let's take a moment and learn how we configure
a build. The :ref:`smithy-build.json configuration file <smithy-build-json>` is how we instruct Smithy to build the

> model. A :ref:`projection <projections>` is a version of a model based on a set of :ref:`transformations <transforms>`

Author: Made more clear.

and :ref:`plugins <plugins>`. For our model, we will not configure any explicit projections, since Smithy will always
build the ``source`` projection. The ``source`` projection does not have any transformations applied, and its output
includes the artifacts of plugins applied at the root. To build the model, run:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

>     smithy build model/

Author: Ah, yeah. The patch is not correct, fixing.

======================
Full Stack Application
======================

Overview
========
For this tutorial, imagine we own a coffee shop. We would like to create a website for our customers to place an 
order online, and be able to grab their coffee on the go. This application should show the available coffees, and
allow the customer to order a coffee.

To build this application, we will walk you through using Smithy to define a model for the coffee service, generate
code for the client and server, and implement the front-end and back-end for the service. 

.. tip:: 
    This tutorial does not assume you are an expert in Smithy, but you may find it helpful to work through the
    :doc:`../quickstart` before beginning this tutorial.

Setting up the project
======================
This application will consist of 4 major components:

> 1. A model, which defines the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A model, which defines the service.
```

> 2. A server, which handles requests for coffee 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A server, which handles requests for coffee.
```

> 3. A client, which is generated from the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A client, which is generated from the model.
```

> 4. A web application, which uses the client to make requests to the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A web application, which uses the client to make requests to the server.
```

--------------
Pre-requisites
--------------
To follow this tutorial, you will need to install a few tools:

* :doc:`Smithy CLI <../guides/smithy-cli/cli_installation>`
* `Node.js (>= 16) <https://nodejs.org/en/download>`_ and `yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_

.. warning:: This project was made for Mac/Linux, it may not build correctly on Windows.

------
Set up
------
Once you have the prerequisites installed, the Smithy CLI has a useful command to easily bootstrap projects from
`the repository of example smithy projects <https://github.com/smithy-lang/smithy-examples>`_. Execute the following
command to set up the initial project:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    smithy init -t full-stack-application

After running this command, you should have the project in the ``full-stack-application`` directory.
The directory tree should look like:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``directory structure``

    full-stack-application
    ├── Makefile
    ├── README.md
    ├── app
    │   ├── ...
    ├── client
    │   ├── ...
    ├── server
    │   ├── ...
    └── smithy

>         ├── ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ├── ...
        ...
```

The ``README.md`` file contains important information about the project, like its directory structure and how to
build or run it. However, for this tutorial, we will show you which commands to run, when to run them, and
the expected outputs.

Please run the following command to set the project up, so you can follow this tutorial:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh``

    make init

.. hint:: If you get stuck and want to completely start over, run ``make reset && make init``.

    Also, the complete project code for this tutorial is available
    `here <https://github.com/smithy-lang/smithy-examples/tree/main/tutorials/full-stack-application>`_.

Modeling the service
====================
With the basic framework for the project established, let's walk through how to model our coffee service.
The service should provide a few capabilities:

* provide a menu of coffees
* provide the ability to order a coffee
* provide the ability to check the status of an order

------------------
Adding the service
------------------
The service shape is the entry-point of our API, and is where we define the operations our service exposes to a

> consumer. First and foremost, let's define the initial service shape without any operations. Open the ``main.smithy``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
consumer. First and foremost, let's define the initial service shape without any operations. Open the ``smithy/model/main.smithy``
```

Reviewer 3: Nvm, noisy, ok just in the code blocks.

We apply the ``@restJson1`` protocol trait to the service to indicate the service supports the
:doc:`../aws/protocols/aws-restjson1-protocol`. Protocols define the rules and conventions for serializing and
de-serializing data when communicating between client and server.

-------------
Modeling data
-------------
Let's create basic representations of our data in Smithy. We will further refine our data model using
:ref:`traits <traits>`. Open the file titled ``coffee.smithy``. We will use it to write our definitions
of coffee-related structures:

.. _full-stack-tutorial-operations:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``smithy/model/coffee.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

    namespace com.example

    /// A enum describing the types of coffees available
    enum CoffeeType {
        DRIP
        POUR_OVER
        LATTE
        ESPRESSO
    }

    /// A structure which defines a coffee item which can be ordered
    structure CoffeeItem {
        @required
        type: CoffeeType

        @required
        description: String
    }

    /// A list of coffee items
    list CoffeeItems {
        member: CoffeeItem
    }

-------------------
Modeling operations
-------------------

> With the shapes defined above, let's create an operation for returning a menu to the consumer, and add it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the shapes defined above, let's create an operation for returning the menu to the consumer, and add it
```

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``smithy/model/main.smithy`` 

    ...
    service CoffeeShop {
       version: "2024-08-23"
       operations: [
            GetMenu
       ]
    }

    /// Retrieve the menu
    @http(method: "GET", uri: "/menu")
    @readonly
    operation GetMenu {
        output := {
            items: CoffeeItems
        }
    }

We have named the operation ``GetMenu``. It does not define an input, and models its output as a structure with a single
member, ``items``, which contains ``CoffeeItems``, a shape we defined :ref:`above <full-stack-tutorial-operations>`.
With the ``restJson1`` protocol, the serialized response might look like the below:

.. code-block:: json
    :caption: ``GetMenuResponse (json)``

    {
      "items": [
        {
          "type": "LATTE",
          "description": "A creamier, milk-based drink made with espresso"
        }
      ]
    }

-------------------
Representing orders
-------------------
At this point, we still need to model the ordering functionality of our service. Let's modify the
``order.smithy`` file to hold definitions related to ordering. First, let's consider the following when
modeling an order:

> 1. an order needs a unique identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An order needs a unique identifier.
```

> 2. an order needs to have a status, such as "in-progress" or "completed"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. An order needs to have a status, such as "in-progress" or "completed".
```

> 3. an order needs to hold the coffee information (``CoffeeType``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. An order needs to hold the coffee information (``CoffeeType``).
```

With these requirements in mind, let's create the underlying data model:

.. code-block:: smithy
    :caption: ``smithy/model/order.smithy``

    $version: "2.0"

    namespace com.example

    /// A unique identifier to identify an order
    @length(min: 1, max: 128)
    @pattern("^[a-f0-9]{8}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{4}-[a-f0-9]{12}$")
    string Uuid

    /// An enum describing the status of an order
    enum OrderStatus {
        IN_PROGRESS
        COMPLETED
    }

A universally unique identifier (or `"UUID" <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier>`_) should be

> more than sufficient for our service. The order status is ``IN_PROGRESS`` (after submitting the order) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 sufficient for our service. The order status is ``IN_PROGRESS`` (after submitting the order) or
```

            ]
        },
        "plugins": {
            "typescript-ssdk-codegen": {
                "package" : "@com.example/coffee-shop-server",
                "packageVersion": "0.0.1"
            }
        }
    }

Run the build:

.. code-block:: sh
    :caption: ``/bin/sh - smithy/``

    smithy build

The build will should fail for the following reason:

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: ``failure message``

    Projection source failed: software.amazon.smithy.codegen.core.CodegenException:
        Every operation must have the smithy.framework#ValidationException error attached
            unless disableDefaultValidation is set to 'true' in the plugin settings.
        Operations without smithy.framework#ValidationException errors attached:
            [com.example#CreateOrder, com.example#GetMenu, com.example#GetOrder]

The server SDK validates inputs by default, and enforces each operation has
the ``smithy.framework#ValidationException`` attached to it. We will fix this issue by attaching the error
to our service, meaning all operations in the service may return it. Let's do this now:

.. code-block:: smithy

>     :caption: ``main.smithy``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    :caption: ``model/main.smithy``
```
